Update SSO setup instructions for Microsoft Entra ID (#9383)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/platform/manage-access/set-up-sso-microsoft-entra-id.md

13. Navigate back to [**Default Directory**](https://portal.azure.com/#home) (or **Home**) and then **App registration**.
14. Select your application and then select **API permissions**.
15. Click **+Add a permission** and add the permissions shown in the following table:

<SimpleTable>

| API Name | Type | Permission | Required? |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Microsoft Graph | Delegated | `User.Read` | Yes |
| Microsoft Graph | Delegated | `GroupMember.Read.All` | Yes |
| Microsoft Graph | Delegated | `Directory.AccessAsUser.All` | Optional — may be required if users are assigned to > 200 groups |

</SimpleTable>

The default scope only requires `User.Read` and `GroupMember.Read.All`. If you assign a user to more than 200 groups, you may need to grant additional permissions such as `Directory.AccessAsUser.All`. 

:::info SSO before December 2025

> If you set up SSO before Dec 2025, you may need to request `Directory.Read.All` instead. Alternatively, delete and re-create your SSO configuration to use the new targeted scopes above.

Author: ```suggestion
If you set up SSO before Dec 2025, you may need to request `Directory.Read.All` instead of `Directory.AccessAsUser.All`. Alternatively, delete and re-create your SSO configuration to use the new targeted scopes above.
```

## Troubleshooting tips

<Expandable alt_header="Receiving a 'AADSTS90094: Admin consent is required' error">

> If you set up SSO before Dec 2025, you may need to request `Directory.Read.All` instead. Alternatively, delete and re-create your SSO configuration to use the new targeted scopes above.

Author: ```suggestion
If you set up SSO before Dec 2025, you may need to request `Directory.Read.All` instead of `Directory.AccessAsUser.All`. Alternatively, delete and re-create your SSO configuration to use the new targeted scopes [mentioned earlier](#configuring-permissions).
```
